# Abbey

Abbey is an open source AI interface. It orchestrates LLMs, text-to-speech models, embedding models, and more in a private self-hosted package.

## Setup and Install

1. [Install docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) if it's not installed already.
2. Run the setup bash script, `run.sh`, using `./run.sh` on Mac or Linux, or using `bash run.sh` on Windows with Git Bash or some other way to run bash scripts.

The script will guide you through each step of the process. It will ask for things like API credentials and configuration options that get stored for use by Abbey (note: all secrets are stored in environment variables, generated by this script). Once everything's set up and installed, running that same command will also start up Abbey.

You should use the `run.sh` script to run Abbey every time rather than `docker-compose`.

---

Here are the details of the installation script if you would like more insight or control over the process:

1. It will check to make sure Docker is installed, which is the environment in which Abbey is expected to run. Abbey consists of multiple docker containers run using `docker-compose`.
2. It will create appropriate backend and frontend configuration files as well as files to store environment variables and secret keys. See below for all of the configuration options.
4. It will call `docker-compose up`. The first time running the script, it will pull all of the relevant images and build the containers. From then on, startup will be much quicker.

## Configuration Options TODO

### Authentication

### AI APIs

#### LLMs

#### OCR

#### TTS

### Email

### TODO